README.md, before:

# Home-Credit-Default-Risk - Group 6

## Can you predict how capable each applicant is of repaying a loan?

# Introduction: Home Credit Default Risk

In this notebook, we will take an initial look at the Home Credit default risk machine learning competition currently hosted on Kaggle. The
objective of this competition is to use historical loan application data to predict whether or not an applicant will be able to repay a
loan. This is a standard supervised classification task:

* __Supervised__: The labels are included in the training data and the goal is to train a model to learn to predict the labels from the features
* __Classification__: The label is a binary variable, 0 (will repay loan on time), 1 (will have difficulty repaying loan)

# Data

The data is provided by [Home Credit](http://www.homecredit.net/about-us.aspx), a service dedicated to provided lines of credit (loans) to 
the unbanked population. Predicting whether or not a client will repay a loan or have difficulty is a critical business need, and Home
Credit is hosting this competition on Kaggle to see what sort of models the machine learning community can develop to help them in this
task. 

There are 7 different sources of data:

* application_train/application_test: the main training and testing data with information about each loan application at Home Credit. Every loan has its own row and is identified by the feature `SK_ID_CURR`. The training application data comes with the `TARGET` indicating 0: the loan was repaid or 1: the loan was not repaid. 
* bureau: data concerning client's previous credits from other financial institutions. Each previous credit has its own row in bureau, but one loan in the application data can have multiple previous credits.
* bureau_balance: monthly data about the previous credits in bureau. Each row is one month of a previous credit, and a single previous credit can have multiple rows, one for each month of the credit length. 
* previous_application: previous applications for loans at Home Credit of clients who have loans in the application data. Each current loan in the application data can have multiple previous loans. Each previous application has one row and is identified by the feature `SK_ID_PREV`. 
* POS_CASH_BALANCE: monthly data about previous point of sale or cash loans clients have had with Home Credit. Each row is one month of a previous point of sale or cash loan, and a single previous loan can have many rows.
* credit_card_balance: monthly data about previous credit cards clients have had with Home Credit. Each row is one month of a credit card balance, and a single credit card can have many rows.
* installments_payment: payment history for previous loans at Home Credit. There is one row for every made payment and one row for every missed payment. 

This diagram shows how all of the data is related:

![image](https://storage.googleapis.com/kaggle-media/competitions/home-credit/home_credit.png)

Moreover, we are provided with the definitions of all the columns (in `HomeCredit_columns_description.csv`) and an example of the expected submission file. 

# Data --> https://www.kaggle.com/c/home-credit-default-risk/data

Commit message:

Updated with proposal description
Add items as per proposal

README.md, after:

# Project Title - Home-Credit-Default-Risk

## Goal- Can you predict how capable each applicant is of repaying a loan?

# Project Introduction: Home Credit Default Risk

In this notebook, we will take an initial look at the Home Credit default risk machine learning competition currently hosted on Kaggle. The objective of this competition is to use historical loan application data to predict whether or not an applicant will be able to repay a loan. This is a standard supervised classification task:

* __Supervised__: The labels are included in the training data and the goal is to train a model to learn to predict the labels from the features
* __Classification__: The label is a binary variable, 0 (will repay loan on time), 1 (will have difficulty repaying loan)

# Data to use for HCDR

https://www.kaggle.com/c/home-credit-default-risk/data

The data is provided by [Home Credit](http://www.homecredit.net/about-us.aspx), a service dedicated to provided lines of credit (loans) to 
the unbanked population. Predicting whether or not a client will repay a loan or have difficulty is a critical business need, and Home
Credit is hosting this competition on Kaggle to see what sort of models the machine learning community can develop to help them in this
task. 

There are 7 different sources of data:

* application_train/application_test: the main training and testing data with information about each loan application at Home Credit. Every loan has its own row and is identified by the feature `SK_ID_CURR`. The training application data comes with the `TARGET` indicating 0: the loan was repaid or 1: the loan was not repaid. 
* bureau: data concerning client's previous credits from other financial institutions. Each previous credit has its own row in bureau, but one loan in the application data can have multiple previous credits.
* bureau_balance: monthly data about the previous credits in bureau. Each row is one month of a previous credit, and a single previous credit can have multiple rows, one for each month of the credit length. 
* previous_application: previous applications for loans at Home Credit of clients who have loans in the application data. Each current loan in the application data can have multiple previous loans. Each previous application has one row and is identified by the feature `SK_ID_PREV`. 
* POS_CASH_BALANCE: monthly data about previous point of sale or cash loans clients have had with Home Credit. Each row is one month of a previous point of sale or cash loan, and a single previous loan can have many rows.
* credit_card_balance: monthly data about previous credit cards clients have had with Home Credit. Each row is one month of a credit card balance, and a single credit card can have many rows.
* installments_payment: payment history for previous loans at Home Credit. There is one row for every made payment and one row for every missed payment. 

This diagram shows how all of the data is related:

![image](https://storage.googleapis.com/kaggle-media/competitions/home-credit/home_credit.png)

Moreover, we are provided with the definitions of all the columns (in `HomeCredit_columns_description.csv`) and an example of the expected submission file. 

# Machine Learning Algorithm

# Metrics that you might use to measure success (standard metrics and domain specific metrics)

# A block diagram (Gantt diagram) of the key steps involved in completing this task and timeline

# Description of the pipeline steps you plan to use

# List team members 

# Task Distribution
